Improve the CURRENT existing Splendor-style anime game UI shown in the current project.

IMPORTANT:
- Do NOT redesign from scratch.
- Preserve current visual identity, game logic, routes, networking, card assets, card data and gameplay behavior.
- Treat the current UI as the baseline and refine it.
- The main problem is that the central game board is too small relative to the available desktop screen, while there is too much unused empty space around it.
- Character artwork, Nobles, card costs and gameplay information must become easier to see.
- The result must work well across MULTIPLE desktop resolutions and aspect ratios, not only one screenshot.

PRIMARY GOAL

Improve screen-space usage while keeping the interface elegant and premium.

The UI must:
- fit entirely on screen without vertical scrolling during gameplay;
- remain readable on smaller desktop screens;
- take advantage of larger screens without creating huge empty margins;
- preserve the current dark premium visual style;
- keep the anime character artwork as the main visual focus.

SUPPORTED RESOLUTIONS

Explicitly test and optimize for:

1366×768
1440×900
1600×900
1920×1080
1920×1200
2560×1080 ultrawide
2560×1440
3440×1440 ultrawide
3840×2160

Also handle arbitrary intermediate desktop viewport sizes gracefully.

Do NOT hardcode the layout specifically for 1920×1080.

RESPONSIVE STRATEGY

Do NOT globally scale the application using:

transform: scale(...)
zoom: ...
fixed design canvas scaling

Instead use real responsive layout techniques:

CSS Grid
Flexbox
clamp()
min()
max()
minmax()
vw
vh
dvh
aspect-ratio
container queries where useful
media queries only where necessary

Create a fluid sizing system based on both viewport width AND viewport height.

Height is especially important because gameplay must fit without scrolling.

CENTRAL BOARD

The current board is visually too small.

Increase its usable scale substantially.

Target approximately:
- +25% to +30% card size on a typical 1920×1080 screen compared with the current implementation;
- +35% to +40% Noble size compared with the current implementation.

However, do NOT apply a fixed 1.3× transform.

Instead calculate sizes responsively.

Recommended starting concept:

development card width:

clamp(92px, min(8vw, 15.5vh), 165px)

development card height should follow the existing card aspect ratio.

Use aspect-ratio rather than independent hardcoded width and height if possible.

For example:

.card {
  width: clamp(...);
  aspect-ratio: existing-card-ratio;
}

The exact clamp values may be adjusted after visually testing all target resolutions.

The four development cards in each row must always fit horizontally.

NOBLES

Nobles are currently too small.

Increase their visual priority.

Recommended responsive target:

noble width:
clamp(86px, min(7vw, 13vh), 150px)

Maintain the original Noble aspect ratio.

Requirements and Prestige information must remain legible.

Nobles should feel like important objectives, not tiny thumbnails.

BOARD DENSITY

Reduce excessive empty padding inside the large central board container.

The current outer rounded board panel has too much unused space.

Either:

OPTION A:
reduce its internal padding by approximately 40–50%;

OR

OPTION B:
remove the large enclosing panel entirely and allow the market to float directly on the dark game-table background with only a subtle vignette / glow behind it.

Choose whichever integrates better with the existing design.

The board should visually occupy significantly more of the center area.

DESKTOP BOARD LAYOUT

Maintain:

NOBLES

III  [CARD] [CARD] [CARD] [CARD]

II   [CARD] [CARD] [CARD] [CARD]

I    [CARD] [CARD] [CARD] [CARD]

GEM BANK

Use responsive gaps.

Example strategy:

gap:
clamp(6px, 0.6vw, 14px)

Vertical row gaps:
clamp(5px, 0.8vh, 12px)

Do not waste space with very large margins.

SIDE PLAYERS

The left and right opponent panels are currently too far from the board.

Move them visually closer to the central market.

Their distance should respond to viewport width.

On standard 16:9 screens:

Opponent — small gap — BOARD — small gap — Opponent

Do not place players near the extreme edges when unnecessary.

Use something similar to:

grid-template-columns:
minmax(160px, 0.75fr)
minmax(640px, 1.6fr)
minmax(160px, 0.75fr)

but derive final values from the existing implementation.

Use a max board/player separation rather than allowing giant gaps on wide displays.

Example concept:

column-gap: clamp(16px, 2vw, 48px)

Do not allow the side-player distance from the board to grow endlessly on ultrawide displays.

PLAYER PANELS

Preserve the current compact visual design.

Do not make opponent panels much larger.

Instead:
- make important numbers slightly easier to read;
- move panels closer to the board;
- improve information hierarchy.

Show:
- avatar
- player name
- Prestige
- permanent bonuses
- token count
- reserved count
- connection state

Do not display unnecessary information permanently.

LOCAL PLAYER HUD

The bottom local-player bar is currently too wide and sparse.

Compact it.

Currently there is too much empty horizontal space between:
- identity / Prestige
- resources
- reserved cards

Reorganize the content into meaningful clusters.

Preferred conceptual structure:

[ Avatar + YOU + Turn ]
[ Prestige ]
[ Permanent Bonuses ]
[ Tokens ]
[ Reserved cards ]

Do not stretch these groups unnecessarily across the entire screen.

Use a centered or max-width HUD.

Example:

width: min(calc(100vw - 32px), 1500px);

But adapt this to the existing project.

On larger resolutions, keep the HUD compact rather than making it proportionally huge.

GEM BANK

Increase its visual size by approximately 15–20% on normal FHD compared with the current version.

It currently looks too much like a tiny toolbar.

Gem controls should feel like interactive game pieces.

Use responsive token/button sizing, such as:

clamp(32px, min(3vw, 5vh), 52px)

Keep the bank compact enough to fit below the board.

Gem bank must never force the page to scroll.

CARD INFORMATION

Increase readability of gameplay-critical card information.

Relative to the current card design:

- cost icons / numbers: +15–20% on FHD
- permanent bonus icon: +10–15%
- Prestige number: +10–15%

Do not enlarge the character name excessively.

Character artwork must remain dominant.

Do not place large opaque UI blocks over faces.

CARD HOVER

Retain or improve hover interaction.

On hover:

scale approximately 1.08–1.12
translateY approximately -6px to -10px
increase z-index
increase shadow

Do not affect surrounding card positions.

For small desktop resolutions where large hover scale would leave the viewport:
dynamically reduce the hover scale.

For example:
- large screens: 1.12
- small screens: 1.07

Ensure hovered cards are never clipped by parent overflow.

AFFORDABLE CARD STATE

Keep artwork fully visible.

Do NOT darken unavailable cards significantly.

Purchasable cards:
- very subtle gold outline
- subtle glow
- optional small check indicator

Missing costs:
visually emphasize only the missing resource values.

RESPONSIVE HEIGHT MANAGEMENT

This is critical.

Calculate the available game height from:

viewport height
minus top bar
minus bottom local player HUD
minus small safe margins

The central board must fit into this available height.

Avoid fixed heights that cause overflow.

Use:
height: 100dvh

for the root gameplay view where appropriate.

Suggested structure:

.game-screen {
  height: 100dvh;
  overflow: hidden;
  display: grid;
  grid-template-rows:
    auto
    minmax(0, 1fr)
    auto;
}

The central stage should use:

min-height: 0;
overflow: visible where card hover requires it.

The page itself should not scroll during active gameplay.

RESPONSIVE BREAKPOINT BEHAVIOR

Do not merely shrink everything equally.

Use these priorities.

WHEN VIEWPORT GETS SMALLER:

First reduce:
1. outer margins
2. horizontal gaps
3. vertical gaps
4. side-player distance
5. top bar padding
6. secondary labels

Then slightly reduce:
7. opponent panel dimensions
8. Noble size

Reduce development card size LAST.

The market cards are the most important gameplay content.

For approximately 1366×768:
- keep cards readable;
- make UI denser;
- use tighter gaps;
- shorten top/bottom bars;
- reduce decorative spacing;
- hide low-priority text labels if required.

Do not hide gameplay-critical values.

LARGE DISPLAY BEHAVIOR

For 2560×1440 and 4K:

Do NOT simply scale the entire interface proportionally.

Increase cards and Nobles moderately up to their max clamp values.

Then stop growing.

Use max-width limits around the gameplay area.

Example conceptual maximum stage width:
approximately 1750–2000px.

The surrounding background may expand on very large screens.

This prevents the board becoming absurdly large on 4K.

ULTRAWIDE SUPPORT

For 2560×1080 and 3440×1440:

Do NOT push the side players to the far left/right edges.

Keep the interactive gameplay cluster centered.

Use a maximum layout width.

The additional horizontal area should become background breathing room, not huge functional gaps.

Example:

.game-stage {
  width: min(100% - 32px, 1900px);
  margin-inline: auto;
}

Adjust final values based on visual testing.

2 / 3 / 4 PLAYER SUPPORT

The responsive system must work with every supported player count.

2 PLAYERS

Use the extra available room to enlarge the market slightly.

Do not leave giant empty regions.

Opponent can appear above or near one side depending on the current project's layout system.

3 PLAYERS

Maintain balanced positioning around the central market.

4 PLAYERS

Keep the existing tabletop concept:

                 Player 3

Player 2          BOARD          Player 4

                   YOU

For all player counts:
the board must remain centered and be the dominant visual element.

TOP BAR

Keep it compact.

At smaller heights:
reduce vertical padding before shrinking gameplay cards.

Do not let the top navigation consume excessive vertical space.

Use responsive height such as:

clamp(40px, 5vh, 54px)

if compatible with the current UI.

Do not make icons excessively small.

TYPOGRAPHY

Use responsive font sizing.

Gameplay-critical numbers must remain readable.

Examples:

card Prestige:
clamp(14px, 1.15vw, 22px)

small metadata:
clamp(9px, 0.65vw, 13px)

player score:
clamp(15px, 1.1vw, 22px)

Do not blindly use vw for every font.

Use clamp with safe minimum and maximum values.

VISUAL CONTRAST

Keep the existing dark navy palette.

However, improve separation between:

page background
board surfaces
interactive controls

The current UI has many dark-on-dark surfaces.

Increase contrast subtly.

Do not introduce bright large panels.

Keep the premium minimal appearance.

TIER LABELS

Keep the current compact:

III
II
I

Do not change back to large labels like "TIER III".

You may improve the small horizontal indicator line and spacing.

ANIMATIONS

Preserve existing animations where possible.

Keep interactions responsive.

Normal UI:
120–250ms

Card purchase / token movement:
300–700ms

Avoid animations that significantly affect responsive measurements.

Do not animate layout width/height continuously during window resizing.

IMPLEMENTATION REQUIREMENTS

Before changing code:

1. Inspect the existing frontend layout and component structure.
2. Identify the root game screen, market/board, player panels, Noble row, card component, Gem Bank and local HUD.
3. Reuse existing components.
4. Avoid unnecessary rewrites.
5. Preserve all existing behavior.

Create centralized responsive sizing variables/tokens where practical.

For example:

:root {
  --game-gap-xs: ...;
  --game-gap-sm: ...;
  --card-width: ...;
  --noble-size: ...;
  --player-panel-width: ...;
}

Prefer a coherent sizing system rather than many unrelated magic numbers.

TESTING

After implementing, manually inspect the layout at all of these viewport sizes:

1366×768
1440×900
1600×900
1920×1080
1920×1200
2560×1080
2560×1440
3440×1440
3840×2160

For every resolution verify:

- no page scroll during gameplay
- all 12 market cards visible
- all Nobles visible
- Gem Bank visible
- local player HUD visible
- no overlap between player panels and cards
- hover card does not get clipped
- text remains readable
- artwork remains clearly visible
- board remains visually centered
- side players do not become extremely far away
- no excessive unused space
- no UI is cut off

Also test 2, 3 and 4 player variants.

If screenshots or browser automation are available, compare each resolution visually and adjust responsive values until the layout feels balanced.

MOST IMPORTANT CHANGES FROM THE CURRENT UI

1. Make the market approximately 25–30% visually larger on FHD.
2. Make Nobles approximately 35–40% visually larger on FHD.
3. Move left/right opponent panels closer to the market.
4. Reduce the huge empty padding around the central board.
5. Make Gem Bank approximately 15–20% larger.
6. Compact the bottom player HUD and remove unnecessary empty space.
7. Increase readability of card costs, Prestige and permanent-bonus indicators.
8. Preserve the current premium dark visual identity.
9. Make all sizing fluid across resolutions rather than optimized for a single screenshot.
10. Do not break existing game logic or assets.

FINAL QUALITY TARGET

At 1920×1080, the screen should immediately feel fuller and easier to read than the current implementation.

At 1366×768, it should feel compact but remain fully playable.

At 1440p and 4K, it should feel premium and spacious without making gameplay elements absurdly large.

On ultrawide screens, the gameplay cluster should remain centered instead of stretching across the full viewport.

The character art should be noticeably easier to see at every normal desktop resolution.

Do not consider the task complete until the responsive behavior has been visually checked at all specified viewport sizes.